# 文章

## Containers vs. Virtual Machines (VMs): What’s the Difference?

原文地址：[https://www.ibm.com/cloud/blog/containers-vs-vms](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/blog/containers-vs-vms)

> Containers have become a dominant force in **cloud native development**[^4]. While containers and VMs(Virtual Machines) have distinct and unique characteristics, they are similar in that they both **improve IT efficiency**[^1], **provide application portability** and **enhance DevOps** and the **software development lifecycle**.

[^1]: *IT efficiency*: “**doing more with less**” by maintaining or improving the quality of IT services that is delivered to the organization, while reducing costs. It is a primary goal of most IT organizations.

### Virtualization[^2]

Virtualization is a process whereby a special kind of software, called **Hypervisor**, is used to create an **abstraction layer over computer hardware** that allows the hardware elements of a single computer to be divided into multiple virtual computers.

- **Hypervisor**
  - **Type 1(bare metal hypervisors)**
    1. A kind of hypervisor that is installed **directly** on top of a physical server.
    2. Most frequently used type of hypervisors. 
    3. Benifits: Most secure, lower the latency.
    4. Example: VMware ESXi, Microsoft Hyper-V, open cource KVM.
  - **Type 2(hosted hypervisor)**
    1. **A layer of host OS** lays between this type of hypervisor and its physical server.
    2. Less frequent seen.
    3. They have higher latency than Type 1 hypervisor.
    4. Example: Oracle, VirtualBox, VMware workstation.

Once you have your Hypervisor installed, you can build your VMs. Hypervisors can separate VMs from one another and **allocate processors, memory, and storage** among them.

[^2]: 视频资料：[Virtualization Explained - YouTube](https://youtu.be/FZR0rG3HKIk)

- **Benifits**
  1. cost saving
  2. agility & speed(makes development a lot simpler and quicker)
  3. lowers your down time

- **Relationship with cloud computing**

Considered to be the foundation of the first generation of cloud computing.

### Containerization

Containers are a lighter-weight, more agile way of handling virtualization — since they **don't use a hypervisor**, you can enjoy **faster resource provisioning and speedier availability of new applications**. 

- **isolate processes**

Containerization packages together everything needed to run a single application or microservice. The container includes all the **code**, its **dependencies** and even the **operating system** itself. 

- **OS Virtualization**

Containers use a form of operating system (OS) virtualization. Put simply, they leverage features of the **host operating system** to isolate processes and control the processes’ access to CPUs, memory and desk space.

- **Docker & modern container era**

The common consensus is that the modern container era began in 2013 with the **introduction of Docker**, an open source platform for building, deploying and managing containerized applications. 

- **Advantages**

1. Containers provide a level of flexibility and portability that is perfect for the **multicloud**[^3] world.
2. Containers are also ideal for automation and DevOps pipelines, including continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) implementation.

[^3]: *Multicloud*: to use cloud services from two or more vendors.

- **Challenges**

Large enterprise applications can include a massive number of containers. Here comes container management issues:

1. How can you have visibility on what is running and where? 
2. How do you handle crucial issues such as security and compliance? 
3. How do you consistently manage your applications?

[^4]: *cloud native development*: (see next article.)

## Cloud Native Applications[^5]

A cloud native application consists of discrete, reusable components known as **microservices** that are designed to integrate into any cloud environment.

### Microservices

Microservices is an architectural approach in which a single application is composed of many **smaller, loosely coupled and independently deployable** components or services.

### Containers

Smaller, more resource-efficient and more portable than virtual machines (VMs), containers are the *de facto* **compute units of modern cloud native applications**.

[^5]: 资料来源：[https://www.ibm.com/cloud/learn/cloud-native](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/learn/cloud-native)

